To $REPRESENTATIVE,

I am writing to you as a constituent of $AREA to express my concern over the
impact that the rise of crypto assets such as "Bitcoin" are having on the
environment, national security, and to investors.

As a concerned citizen I'm concerned about the lack of legislation to reign in
the harm these products are having on our constituency and the country as a
whole.

> TODO: Personal details, such as your line of work and how you developed an interest in this issue

> TODO: If you are a supporter or donor to the party indicate this.

Cryptocurrencies in their current form provide no useful benefits to consumers
and lacking regulation they have turned into predatory financial investments
that disproportionately victimize the most financially vulnerable in our
society.

Unlike an investment into a public company, bitcoin and other crypto assets
have no mechanism of producing economic value, the only reason Bitcoin is worth
anything is based on the collective belief that it will be worth more in the
future.  This is clearly an unsustainable belief, however people are being
deceived by widespread misinformation campaigns into "investing" large sums of
money into cryptocurrencies on the back of get rich quick promises. Those who
are fortunate enough to make substantial returns from cryptocurrencies are doing
so off the back of newer "investors" with the money they invest being used to
pay off those who invested earlier. This form of investment vehicle only serves
to siphon wealth from the public into the hands of insiders and is a form of
fraud.

In addition to being a predatory investment scheme, cryptocurrency networks
consume vast amounts of electricity tied to an enormous carbon footprint and
greenhouse gas emissions. The consumption of these networks globally is
equivalent to that of large European countries like Ireland and this networks
provides no utility for this waste, other than to enrich a few insiders through
financial scams.

Finally, cryptocurrency is also used to facilitate the growing threat of
ransomware which is an extortion scheme that foreign actors, those not-aligned
with geopolitical interests of the United States, are using to undermine public
and private infrastructure. I am deeply concerned about the impact these attacks
will have on national security and our ability to protect public infrastructure
and safeguard our country against attack.

The vast downsides of this technology vastly outweigh any potential upside and
many citizens, in both my profession and our constituency, believe that this
these problems can only be solved with strong regulation.

I believe that new laws and regulation are needed are needed rein in these
financial products so that there is adequate investor protection, and that those
that are predatory frauds or environmentally destructive can be legislated away
through the democratic process.

Thank you for your representation of the public concerns on this matter.

Kind Regards,
